{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red202\green202\blue202;\red212\green212\blue212;\red194\green126\blue101;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;\cssrgb\c86275\c86275\c86275;\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 unlabeled_texts = \cf3 \strokec3 [\cf2 \strokec2 \
    \cf4 \strokec4 "Like many other problems of today, that of cardiovascular diseases is becoming more and more urgent as far as young people are concerne d. Congenital malformations are an obvious paediatric problem. Rheumatic fever and rheumatic heart disease, particularly in hot areas where there is overcrowding and wher e hygienic measures are inadequate, and cardiomyopathies of infectious, parasitic and unknown causes, occur mainly in youth. Hyperte nsion resulting from g lomc rulonephritis or pyelonephritis usually has its roots in childhood. Atherosclerosis in some vessels also begins in childhood, although its most serious complications in the heart and brain usually become manifest in middle age. The present possib ilities for prevention and control at the level of the community are shown in table 1. Enough knowledge already exists for the effective control and prevention of rheumatic heart disease, chronic car pulmonale and heart diseases connected with infections. Essential hypertension can b e effi cie ntly controlled so that its serious complications, such as hypertensive heart disease and cerebrovascular disease, are reduced. Although it is not yet possible to rr e vent the occurrence of ischaemic heart di SP, as e e r peripher a l vascul a r dis e ases of atheroscle rotic origin, t imely tr eatment a nd rehabilitation of subjects with acute myocardial infarction a llows the majority to r e sume previous life activities. These possib\\lities are well known and have been summarized also in WHO publications. However, they have not bee n applied adequately in many areas wher e these conditions are common. "\cf3 \strokec3 ,\cf2 \strokec2 \
    \cf4 \strokec4 "Radical treatment of precancerous conditions is often possible, but in other cases it may be difficult to r e move the lesion completely. Also, the carcinogenic process may continue to act after the precancerous lesion has been removed. This is frequently seen in lesions such as leukoplasias of the mouth and papillomas of the bladder. Patients with definite precancerous conditions should therefore be followed up for a considerable period of time and properly registered, preferably by a national cancer registry. "\cf3 \strokec3 ,\cf2 \strokec2 \
    \cf4 \strokec4 "Los ex\'e1menes de aspirado de m\'e9dula \'f3sea (MO) muestran un sistema megacariopoy\'e9tico \'edntegro o hiperpl\'e1stico compatible con destrucci\'f3n plaquetaria perif\'e9rica, y al igual que en la p\'farpura trombocitop\'e9nica idiop\'e1tica (PTI), se plantea que los anticuerpos antipla-quetarios, as\'ed como el secuestro y destrucci\'f3n de las plaquetas en el bazo son los responsables de la trombopenia,6 ya que en pacientes afectados con rub\'e9ola, influenza y vaccinia se reporta la uni\'f3n de los virus a las plaquetas de sangre perif\'e9rica (SP)."\cf3 \strokec3 ,\cf2 \strokec2 \
    \cf4 \strokec4 "Ocurren principalmente en las arterias lenticuloestriadas y talamoperforantes. Aunque se han descrito por lo menos 20 s\'edndromes lacunares, los 5 m\'e1s frecuentes son: hemiparesia motora pura, s\'edndrome sensitivo puro, s\'edndrome sensitivo-motor, disartria-mano torpe y hemiparesia at\'e1xica. Los principales factores de riesgo asociados a IL son hipertensi\'f3n arterial (HAS) y diabetes mellitus17-19.Los hallazgos que apoyan la enfermedad de peque\'f1o vaso son: a) s\'edndrome lacunar, b) historia de diabetes o HAS, c) IC menor de 1.5 cm localizado en estructuras profundas y, c) exclusi\'f3n de otras causas"\cf3 \strokec3 ,\cf2 \strokec2 \
    \cf4 \strokec4 "L\'92attuale incremento dell\'92incidenza di diverse patologie a trasmissione sessuale (sifilide, gonorrea, infezione da Chlamydia e, probabilmente, anche infezioni da Herpes e papilloma virus) osservato in alcuni Paesi dell\'92Unione Europea e comparso dopo un periodo di oltre un decennio in cui l\'92incidenza era fortemente diminuita, avviene in un contesto di aumento della trasmissione eterosessuale dell\'92HIV e della prevalenza dell\'92infezione stessa, in conseguenza della sempre pi\'f9 estesa applicazione della terapia antiretrovirale, che ha aumentato sensibilmente la sopravvivenza dei soggetti affetti da tale patologia."\cf3 \strokec3 ,\cf2 \strokec2 \
    \cf4 \strokec4 "Fra le malattie infettive di maggiore risalto in ambito occupazionale si ricordano le zoonosi, quali la brucellosi, le rickettsiosi, la leishmaniosi, l\'92echinococcosi, particolarmente endemiche nelle regioni centro-meridionali italiane, ed altre meno diffuse, ma non trascurabili, quali la borreliosi di Lyme, frequente nelle regioni settentrionali, la febbre Q, la leptospirosi, la tubercolosi da Mycobacterium tuberculosis Avium e Bovis, l\'92afta epizootica."\cf3 \strokec3 ,\cf2 \strokec2 \
    \cf4 \strokec4 "Selon une \'e9tude r\'e9cente, les maladies les plus invalidantes en Belgique sont, par ordre d\'e9croissant d\'92importance : les maladies de l\'92appareil locomoteur, dont les maux de dos et les douleurs cervicales ; les cons\'e9quences d\'92accidents ; la d\'e9pression ; le diab\'e8te ; la migraine et la bronchite chronique "\cf3 \strokec3 ,\cf2 \strokec2 \
    \cf4 \strokec4 "Une maladie auto-immune peut se d\'e9finir par l'activation du syst\'e8me immunitaire du patient contre ses propres antig\'e8nes. Les lymphocytes T et B autor\'e9actifs activ\'e9s vont entra\'eener la destruction des propres constituants de l'individu via plusieurs m\'e9canismes, soit directement par les lymphocytes T cytotoxiques ou par les d\'e9p\'f4ts d'anticorps activant le syst\'e8me du compl\'e9ment, soit indirectement via l'activation d'autres cellules impliqu\'e9es dans la r\'e9ponse inflammatoire comme au cours des atteintes r\'e9nales du lupus. "\cf3 \strokec3 ,\cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 ]\cf2 \strokec2 \
}